#368-fix-pk-verify-workflow (#369)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/changes/changes_2.7.0.md

## Bug Fixes

* #350: Changed PK to skip copying templates (e.g. .github/workflows) for golang submodules.

> * #368: Fixed missing PK-verify workflows for mixed projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #368: Copy workflows project-keeper-verify.yml  and project-keeper.sh for all non-maven projects.
```
